Rocket: The fate of the universe lies on your shoulders.
Rocket: Now whatever you do
Don't push this button.
Rocket: Because that would set off the bomb immediately
and we'll all be dead.
Baby Groot: *Gasp*
Rocket: Now repeat back what I just said.
Baby Groot: I am Groot
Rocket: NOOO!
No, that's that button that will kill everyone.
Try again.
Baby Groot: I am Groot
Umhm
Rocket: Un huh
Baby Groot: I am Groot
Rocket: NOOOOOO!!!!!
Star-lord: Show time A-holes
Draw: YAAAAAAAAA
*screams*
Draw: Screw you space jerk!
AHHHHH!
* Rocket & Groot cheering *
Baby Groot: AHHHHHHH
* Bad guy screaming *
Baby Groot: AHHHHH
Rocket: Does anybody have any tape out there? I wanna put some tape over the death button.
Star-lord: Nobody has any tape.
Rocket: Not a single person has tape!
Star-lord: You have an atom bomb in your bag!
If anybody is gonna have tape, its you!
Rocket: I have to do everything!
Star-lord: You are wasting alotta time right now!
Baby Groot: I. AM. GROOOOOOT!
Rocket: That's a really bad sign.
Mantis: If I touch someone
I can feel their feelings.
Mantis: You feel
love.
Star-lord: Yeah, I guess yeah, I feel a general unselfish love for just about everybody...
Mantis: No. Sexual love.
Star-lord: No..
Mantis: For HER!
Drax :HA HA HA HA HA!
She just told everyone your deepest, darkest secret!
Star-lord: Dude...come on! I think you're over-reacting a little bit.
Drax: You must be so embarassed!
AH HA HA!
Do me! Do me! Do me!